Price forms a base. I draw a flat (or reasonably so) trendline connecting at least 3 peaks to locate a base.
Set a buy stop a penny above the base (above the most recent peak in the trendline).
Use a 30-week moving average. In my tests, I used a simple moving average (SMA), 30-weeks long, with data on the weekly scale.
Price must close above the 30-week SMA and the SMA must be rising (higher than prior week).
Check for overhead resistance. Weinstein says that it's best if there is no overhead resistance, but my tests suggest that's not true (this result could be because of low sample counts). The best results are those with no overhead resistance for at least four years. --- MANUAL
Check the market trend. If the S&P 500 index 3 and 6 months ago is below the current price, then that's good. I didn't use this because it didn't add value. 
Check the market relative strength. I use the stock's average closing price for today and the prior three weeks and divide that by the closing price of the S&P 500 over the same period. Then I do the same except start a week ago and go back three weeks (four total) for another value (three weeks overlap, one does not). If the stock has a relative strength higher than the market, then that's good. Don't trade if it's lower. The formula is: Relative strength = (stock price)/(market price). As I mentioned, I compute the value using four weeks and compare that to the prior result. I use the 4-week average to smooth results so we get a trend.
Check volume. A one-week volume spike that is at least twice the average of the prior four weeks. If no spike, then a build-up of volume over the past four weeks that is at least twice as high as the prior three months and also shows higher volume on the breakout than the prior week. In his book, he uses three 'weeks' instead of 'months' but testing shows there's no difference. I think it's a typo in his book.
He writes, "If there is no significant increase in volume when the breakout occurs, then avoid that stock. If you have purchased it with a buy-stop order, then sell it for a fast profit when it advances after the breakout (which it will usually do)."
LOCATE the stop but don't place it yet. Use the lower of the value of the 30-week SMA below the closest minor low, or a penny below the closest minor low. I'll explain this in the examples.
Is the distance from the initial stop location more than 20%? If so, then don't trade it. The 20% value is an initial stop distance only (meaning it's only used once, when you first buy the stock. After that, ignore the stop distance.
If everything above passes, then let the buy stop trigger to get you into the trade.